When working on a document with
your team, you don't have to
call a meeting every time you
need to share notes or comments
with each other.
With Microsoft Word, you and
your team members can add
comments directly to the
document for everyone to see and
review.
This allows everyone to share
feedback and collaborate in one
place, the document itself.
To make a comment, lace your
cursor at the location in the
document where you want the
comment to appear.
For example, I'll lace my cursor
next to this logo at the top of
the page.
Then I'll go to the Review tab
of the ribbon and from here I'll
click New Comment.
You can see it draws a line from
where my cursor was over here to
the side and I can Tye my
comment O it's that easy.
You can also highlight specific
words or phrases to alley your
comments to so it's clear what
you're commenting on.
For example, I notice that the
name of the hotel founder is
misselled a few times in this
document.
O I'll highlight one of those
missellings and this time I'll
rightclick on that and choose
New Comment and now I can Tye my
comment.
Just like before, you can also
read and respond to comments
left by others if I Scroll down
a bit.
Notice here we have a comment
left by Jade.
When I roll over it, I can click
Reply to start a conversation
thread on this particular
comment.
You can also click Resolve when
an issue has been addressed that
Grays out the comments so others
can see that it's been handled,
but they can still read and
review the comment thread if
they need to.
If you want to remove a comment
entirely from the document, you
can use the Delete button here
in the Review tab.
If you want to hide comments
from view without deleting them,
toggle them with the Show
Comments button.
You can see that hides all of my
comments and now I just see
these little comment icons
indicating where they are in the
document and I can click on them
to read them and if I want to
see them again I can just click
Show Comments O.
As you can see, comments are a
useful tool for collaborating
and sharing feedback on a
document with others.